---
layout: post
title: Another Successful ISTS!
date: 2019-02-29 17:03 -0500
---
Just like that, ISTS 17 is over!

We had a great time this past weekend running ISTS, and it sure seemed like the
teams enjoyed it as well. As is tradition, we had some deployment issues that
caused us to start about an hour late. However, several sponsors stepped up to
give some great fire talks to the Blue Teamers while White team and Black team
scrambled to finish up deployment and get the coveted green scoreboard.

Once the competition started, we ran into another hardware issue about an in.
Luckily, our fearless Infrastructure Lead, Brandon Adler, was able fix the
problem quickly so we teams could get back to defending with only a bit of
downtime. After the initial hiccups though, infrastructure issues calmed down,
and Murphy's law decided to stop messing with us.

The election theme seemed to be a hit! The Red Team and the Blue Teams really
got into the whole idea of the election, and we got to see some fun tributes to
the Red Team candidate, Colonel Sanders from Ihaq.

Complete standings will be posted soon. Also, an update will be released once
pictures from the event have been released.

Thanks to all the Blue Teams for participating; to all the dedicated Red Team
members who helped create a great environment for the Blue Team members; to the
generous sponsors whose support helped make this happen; and to the many White
and Black team members who sacrificed blood, sweat, tears, and more than a
little sleep to run this competition.

ISTS 17 was a blast! Time to start getting ready for ISTS 18 next year...